README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|771|[ Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/771.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.js)|84 ms|
|832|[ Flipping an Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/832.%20Flipping%20an%20Image.js)|276 ms|
|1281|[ Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1281.%20Subtract%20the%20Product%20and%20Sum%20of%20Digits%20of%20an%20Integer.js)|76 ms|
|1365|[ How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1365.%20How%20Many%20Numbers%20Are%20Smaller%20Than%20the%20Current%20Number.js)|144 ms|
|1436|[ Destination City](https://leetcode.com/problems/destination-city/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1436.%20Destination%20City.js)|80 ms|
|1528|[ Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1528.%20Shuffle%20String.js)|144 ms|
|1572|[ Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1572.%20Matrix%20Diagonal%20Sum.js)|92 ms|

Commit message:

1290. Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer, 96 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|771|[ Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/771.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.js)|84 ms|
|832|[ Flipping an Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/832.%20Flipping%20an%20Image.js)|276 ms|
|1281|[ Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1281.%20Subtract%20the%20Product%20and%20Sum%20of%20Digits%20of%20an%20Integer.js)|76 ms|
|1290|[ Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1290.%20Convert%20Binary%20Number%20in%20a%20Linked%20List%20to%20Integer.js)|96 ms|
|1365|[ How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1365.%20How%20Many%20Numbers%20Are%20Smaller%20Than%20the%20Current%20Number.js)|144 ms|
|1436|[ Destination City](https://leetcode.com/problems/destination-city/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1436.%20Destination%20City.js)|80 ms|
|1528|[ Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1528.%20Shuffle%20String.js)|144 ms|
|1572|[ Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1572.%20Matrix%20Diagonal%20Sum.js)|92 ms|
